Q:  How did viewing a diff between two different versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

  A: Instead of having to parse the code line by line there was a quick depiction of the code that was in error. The diff or fc command prompts greatly expedited the process of finding potential errors in the code.

Q:  How can having access to all previous versions of a file help you as a programmer in the long run?

  A: It provides you with the ability to better iterate through versions and avoid mistakes that you have made in the past.
  It also gives a better idea of the progress that you have made and, particularly as a novice or beginning programmer, this can be helpful to avoid frustration from perceived lack of progress.


Q:  What do you think the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having them automatically saved, like in Google Docs?

  A: When manually committing, you always run the risk of leaving too much time between save states and possibly losing data or
  committing too large of a file. However, with practice and expertise, these commits will enable you to appropriately save your
  data and structure the file so that it is concise and easily deciphered by other programmers on the project. Automatically saving
  a file exposes you to far too many commits.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of your files?

  A: Git log will show you all of the commits that you have made to your repository and diff will allow you to compare different versions
  in an easily manageable way.

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

  A: Version Control allows you to compare previous versions and by doing so there can be a clear demonstration of what broke the your
  application. It also retains working versions so that you can iterate through your mistakes. You can explore pretty significant changes
  in your code without breaking your entire code base.

Q: Now that you have your terminal set up, what do you want to use Git for?

  A: I am interested in using Git to optimize my work flow and hopefully make things more efficient.
  
